✨ Add a more realistic sample application to /examples (#460)
DataDog/dd-sdk-flutter: examples/simple_example/README.md

> # Datadog Flutter Plugin Simple Example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Datadog Flutter Plugin -  Simple Example
```

> This is a slighly more realistic / complicated example of using the Datadog Flutter Plugin
> in a real applicaiton scenario.  This includes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a more realistic example of how you use the Datadog Flutter Plugin in a real-world scenario.  This includes:
```

>     * Demonstrating using GoRouter with the DatadogNavigationObserver
>     * Automatic network tracing with `datadog_tracking_http_client`
>     * User interaction tracking with RumUserActionDetector
>     * Error / Crash handling with manually reported errors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Using GoRouter with the DatadogNavigationObserver
    * Automatic network tracing with `datadog_tracking_http_client`
    * User interaction tracking with RumUserActionDetector
    * Error/Crash handling with manually reported errors
```
